[Docs]Adds EQL and threat-match rule types UI (#272)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/detections-ui-exceptions.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
== Rule exceptions and value lists

To prevent the creation of unwanted alerts, you can add exceptions to these
detection rule types:

* Custom query
* EQL

> * Threat match

Reviewer: @DonNateR @jmikell821 We recently renamed `Threat Match` to `Indicator Match`. I think you're already aware, but leaving this as a reminder. :)

[float]
[[detection-rule-exceptions]]
=== Add exceptions to a rule

You can add exceptions to a rule via the Rule details page or the Alerts table.
When you add an exception, you can also close all alerts that meet the
exception's criteria.

[IMPORTANT]
==============
Be careful when adding exceptions to EQL sequence rules. Exceptions are

> evaluated against every event in the sequence and when the exception matches a
> single event in the sequence, alerts are not generated. To exclude values from a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
evaluated against every event in the sequence and when the exception matches any
event(s) in the sequence, alerts are not generated. To exclude values from a
```

Just trying to disambiguate the behavior here; the use of "matches a single event" is less accurate than "matches any event(s)" IMO
